

##### 2. IGNITE #########

1.  What is git vs github?
2. what is npm ? :::: NPM doesn't stands for node package manager. But it manages the packages. its a package manager but not node package manager.
3. We have separate html, css, js files Is our app ready for production with these files??? ::: NOO, to make our app ready for production, we need to minified, cleaner, code. for the we need bundler to bundle our files in a small, optimized, minified, chunks.
4. Create-react-app is using bundler??:: Yes, internally its uses bundler to make thinks production ready and its setup everthing for us when we create project using create-react-app.
5. We are learning to create project without using create-react-app ??? YES, we are ignite our app by ourselfs without ready to use project.
6. We need to npm in our project , why???? : To manages our packages. npm have lots of packages, it manages packages in our project using package.json and package-lock.json files. we can use "npm init" commond to install npm inside our project.
7. What package.json file???? : This file hold all the packages configuration , dependancies , devdependancies and versions of our packages that we installed from npm. using this npm manager manages packages in our project. 
8. what is package-lock.json file???? :: this file holds all the versions of the packages and those packages dependancies.and hashs and some more informations. 
9. package.json VS package-lock.json ??????::: Package.json holds the exact version of the packages and they may be updated if any new updated version will come and we use "~" tild and "^" carret icons in front of versions. BUT package-lock.json file locks the version of the packages that we have before the automatic updates. 
10. Diff btw "~" and "^" icon infront of versions ???? : tild "~" will update the major version if any major version update will comes then it will automatically updates when we do npm i. this will not be preffered. instead use "^" carrat icon , it shows the minor versions updates comes it will update. like "^2.3.4" if, "2.3.5" version will come it will update automatically when we do npm i. But if "~2.3.4" and "3.3.1" will come it will update and its a major update. we should not do this.
11. waht are other bundlers ??? Webpack, Parcel, Vite etc. all the bundlers. create-react-app uses webpack.
12. Which bundler we are going to use : Parcel
13. node-module folder???: when we install parcel or any bundler. this folder will automatially created. it store all the depencides for parcel and packages inside it. a lots of things.
14. "npm i -D parcel" why we use -D ????? : -D is used for installing pacage as a dev dependace, these dependances are not used for production.
15. npx parcel index.html :::: run to ignite our app 
16. what is npx ????? npm install means we are installin parcel/any package. But npx means we are executing that packages. index.html means its a source. parcel is build our code and parse this index.html 
17. what is browserslist ? 
18. What is Tree shaking ?: Remove unused code at the time of build.
19. code  splitting?
20. 


#Parcel:
1. hot reloading - HMR
2. Caching - faster builds
3. make separate builds for development and production for separate devices also
4. minified and optimized code for build
5. we can also pass browserslist for our application
6.  image optimization
7. compress
8. bundling
9. File watching algothrithm
10. Error handling
11. code splitting
12. https
13. Tree shaking - remove unused code
14. diagonastic
15. differential bundling- support older browsers also
16. local server












